Create Operations section (#1276)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/userman/operations/index.md

Author: This is new.

This documentation page aims to help users, developers, architects, and DevOps
teams understand how to operate a typical Taipy application, covering its
architecture, required infrastructure, components, and communication between
components.

# What is a Taipy application?

A Taipy application is a user-defined Python module invoking some Taipy services.

> In background, when running, the application starts a Flask web server and a few

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the background, when executed, the application starts a Flask web server and multiple
```

functionalities from the user defined code or from third party libraries.

Several examples of standard architectures are available in the
[Architecture examples](architectures/index.md) page.

# How to run a Taipy application?

Running a Taipy application means running the user-defined main Python module.
Taipy provides the `taipy run` CLI command, which accepts the main Python file as
a parameter. For more details on how to run Taipy applications, please refer to the
[Running](running/index.md) page.

# How to deploy a Taipy application?

Deploying a Taipy application means running the user-defined main Python module
in a production environment so that it can be accessed by end users. Taipy provides
a comprehensive guide on how to deploy a Taipy application in various environments.
Please refer to the [Deploying](deploying/index.md) page.

# How to version a Taipy application?

Taipy provides a comprehensive versioning system that allows users to create and
manage various versions of their application. This versioning systems tracks the
Taipy configuration modifications and ensures backward compatibility on Taipy's

> entities (scenarios, data nodes, etc. ) when deploying a new version in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
entities (scenarios, data nodes, etc. ) when deploying a new version for production.
```
